What do you want, don’t you know yet?
I have said a lot of Shenshi shares in the market,
Forty-five percent once eaten.
From now on, I am the chairman of Shenshi.
Say Dong, no,
Mr. Zhou, I declare,
Shenshi Group, Chairman Zhou Tianci,
Take over as the president of Haizhou Chamber of Commerce. good
Huang Qi Huang Qi Huang Qi Huang Qi Huang Qi Linke
You are as deep as me
I am starting from Haizhou now
Is there ever a time when you will chase me to the sky?
You secretly register a large number of stocks that are not troublesome for short companies.
There is indeed something
Confidentiality is not done well
These are things I have known about Lin Ke for a long time
Don't worry about academics here
your situation
I have already investigated and cleared the master first.
Your dog skin Tianfeng Group
I'm going to make him bankrupt in the Land of Three Thousands for three days.
I see other domineering presidents
It's all a matter of one or two minutes of being a human being.
Died to a fraction
Emperor Zhou can only say a few words
Let's talk about you
Things I can borrow
Spending 500 million to purchase water is
45% of the shares
If you do have some means
That's all
how do you know
because of this matter
I arranged for Sister Hong to lend you Yang Hushui